# Leadsquared Assignment -


Section-1

1.) SELECT department, COUNT(*)
  FROM employee
  GROUP BY department;
  
2.) SELECT First_Name, MAX(Salary) 
  FROM Employee
  GROUP BY Department;
  
3.) Select FIRST_NAME,iNCENTIVE_DATE, SUM(INCENTIVE_AMOUNT) TOTAL_INCENTIVE
   FROM Incentives
   GROUP BY INCENTIVE_DATE;
   
4.) SELECT INCENTIVE_DATE, MAX(INCENTIVE_AMOUNT)
  FROM incentives
  GROUP BY INCENTIVE_DATE;






Section-2


5.)
          Start the 7 minute sand timer and the 4 minute sand timer.

          Once the 4 minute sand timer ends turn it upside down instantly.

          Time Elapsed: 4 minutes. At this moment, 3 minutes of sand is left in the 7 minute sand timer.

          Once the 7 minute sand timer ends turn it upside down instantly.

          Time Elapsed: 7 minutes. At this moment, 1 minutes of sand is left in the 4 minute sand timer.
 
          After the 4 minute sand timer ends, only 1 minute is elapsed in 7 minute sand timer, therefore for another minute turn the 7 minute sand timer upside down.

          Time Elapsed: 8 minutes.

          When the 7 minute sand timer ends, total time elapsed is 9 minutes.

6.)      B= Boy  ,  G=Girl
        P(Both G | At least one G) = P(Both G) / P(At least one G)
        P(Both G) = 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25
        P(At least one G) = 1 - P(No G)
        P(No G) = P(Both B) = .5 * .5 = .25
        P(At least one G) = 1 - .25 = .75

        Thus, P(Both G | At least one G) = .25 / .75 = 1/3
        
7.)     As per the argument, the author completely reasons that radio publicizing is one of the approaches to make a business more beneficial. This conclusion has been founded on             reports of a 10 percent increase in a year ago's total of a bistro after it began utilizing radio to advertise. The author has concluded dependent on insufficient premises           and his assumptions are defective. 

        To begin with, the author expects that the nearby Radio station was the main methods by which the bistro advertised itself and that no different mediums, for example, paper,         web were utilized. It is very conceivable that other promoting mediums were additionally utilized which may have prompted the increase in business. In the event that it is           found in a study that most of the people have come to thought about the bistro through mediums other than radio, at that point it offers a conversation starter on the                 conclusion. 

        Second, the author expects that most of the populace in each city tune in to radio and have good inclusion. This supposition that is imperfect as it is very conceivable that         none of the people living in the objective city tune in to radio and that they rely upon different modes for data. In the event that this is valid, at that point radio               promoting can't completely be a way to increase the benefits of a business substance. 

        Third, a presumption has been made that radio promoting can affect the business regardless of the item being sold. Promoting of items, for example, electronic things through         the radio probably won't increase business as the notoriety of electronic things increases commonly by listening in on others' conversations publicizing and positive audits           in papers and web destinations. People probably won't will in general purchase a specific electronic good soon after catching wind of it in radio. 

        The author's argument might be supported if a review uncovers that most of the people came to think about the bistro by tuning in to radio and that most of the populace in           each city tune in to radio programs. The argument will be additionally reinforced if a review uncovers that radio advertisements are one of the variables which impact                 purchasing choices regardless of the item. The argument could be better assessed if the aftereffects of the studies were known. 

        In this way based on the reasons refered to over, the argument is poorly concluded and additional data is expected to assess it viably.
